feat: add page descriptions and update titleType (#340)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/file-uploader/code.mdx

---
title: File uploader

> description: File Uploader allows the user to transfer a file or submit content of their own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: File uploaders allow the user to transfer a file or submit content of their own.
```
